_pages/about.markdown, before:

---
layout: single
# title: About
permalink: /about
header:
  image: /assets/images/about-header.jpg
  caption: "Photo credit: [**Thom Holmes**](https://unsplash.com/@thomholmes?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText) on [**Unsplash**](http://unsplash.com/)"
---

# About TermIt

TermIt is a system for ....

It was created primarily for Institute of planning and development (IPR) of Prague. People from IPR needed to describe terms used by different group of specialists. Without being the ontology expert, it was impossible fot them to make it. The tool helps domain experts to create ontological glossaries.

TermIt is an open-source project. It consist of **basic version (REWRITE)** available from [TermItGitHub][https://github.com/kbss-cvut/termit]. For specific customers, we have created specific versions-----

Download and try  basic version. Feel free to contact us, if there is something missing. We can also create your version of TermIt.

This page shall contain the basic information about pages, termit and our organization.


This is the base Jekyll theme. You can find out more info about customizing your Jekyll theme, as well as basic Jekyll usage documentation at [jekyllrb.com](https://jekyllrb.com/)

You can find the source code for Minima at GitHub:
[jekyll][jekyll-organization] /
[minima](https://github.com/jekyll/minima)

You can find the source code for Jekyll at GitHub:
[jekyll][jekyll-organization] /
[jekyll](https://github.com/jekyll/jekyll)


[jekyll-organization]: https://github.com/jekyll

Commit message:

Added info about contributing to TermIt

_pages/about.markdown, after:

---
layout: single
# title: About
permalink: /about
header:
  image: /assets/images/about-header.jpg
  caption: "Photo credit: [**Thom Holmes**](https://unsplash.com/@thomholmes?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText) on [**Unsplash**](http://unsplash.com/)"
---

# About TermIt

TermIt is a system for ....

It was created primarily for Institute of planning and development (IPR) of Prague. People from IPR needed to describe terms used by different group of specialists. Without being the ontology expert, it was impossible fot them to make it. The tool helps domain experts to create ontological glossaries.

TermIt is an open-source project. It consist of **basic version (REWRITE)** available from [TermItGitHub][https://github.com/kbss-cvut/termit]. For specific customers, we have created specific versions-----

Download and try  basic version. Feel free to contact us, if there is something missing. We can also create your version of TermIt.

This page shall contain the basic information about pages, termit and our organization.

# Contributing

Do You want to contribute? Feel free to fork the respective repository 
- [frontend](https://github.com/kbss-cvut/termit-ui)
- [backend](https://github.com/kbss-cvut/termit)
- [docker instrumentation](https://github.com/kbss-cvut/termit-docker) 
and open a pull request with Your contribution.

This is the base Jekyll theme. You can find out more info about customizing your Jekyll theme, as well as basic Jekyll usage documentation at [jekyllrb.com](https://jekyllrb.com/)

You can find the source code for Minima at GitHub:
[jekyll][jekyll-organization] /
[minima](https://github.com/jekyll/minima)

You can find the source code for Jekyll at GitHub:
[jekyll][jekyll-organization] /
[jekyll](https://github.com/jekyll/jekyll)


[jekyll-organization]: https://github.com/jekyll
